# CS210
The project involves the implementation of a menu-driven program in C++ to manage the frequencies of items purchased at the Corner Grocer. It reads data from an input file, updates and stores frequencies of items, provides various options for users to interact with the data, and creates a backup file. The project addresses the need for a tool to analyze and manage item frequencies, to be used to  rearrange Corner Grocer's produce section to create the most effective layout for their customers.. By providing functionalities to read, update, and visualize item frequencies, the program enables users to gain insights and make informed decisions based on the data.

The project incorporates a well designed user-friendly menu system that enhances the user experience and facilitates interaction with the program. Areas that could be improved are further error handling and code structuring to promote maintainability, readability, and ease of expansion.

Pieces of the code that I found the most difficult to write was the reading of the input file and the creation of the backup file. To overcome this challenge, I refered back to zyBooks and requested assistance from the online tutoring service. Tools and resources I will be adding to my support network will be my more detailed notes from the zyBooks lessons and valuable information provided to me by the tutor. 

Skills from this project that will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work are file handling, error handling, data manipulation, and code design. This program is maintainable, readable, and adaptable due to its modular structure, encapsulating functionalities into separate functions and classes. The use of meaningful ccomments, descriptive variable names, and clear code organization contributes to its readability. 
